c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\bin\Release\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\bin\Release\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\bin\Release\ValidationIssues.xml
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\packages.config
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\SwiftyWebService.svc
c:\users\rushisr\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SwiftyWebApp\SwiftyWebRole\obj\Release\SwiftyWCFServiceWebRole\Web.config
